Welcome to a new module in this course this module is about services and dependency injection.
Now what is that.
Let's start with services.
What are services let's consider does application get an app component and about component and user
component and a user detail component.
Now we might have some math that's in those components.
Let's say we want to log some data to the console and the about component end user detail component.
And somehow this last statement is pretty similar.
So pretty much the same text so we're basically repeating ourselves over duplicating code in two different
components.
Let's say any user component we also want to access some data some array of users maybe and maybe we
also don't know if we will later use it in some other part of our application.
Both use cases duplication of code and data storage providing data are typical use cases for a service
because a service is basically just a number piece and your annual trip another class you can add which
acts as a central repository as a central business unit you can say something where you can store where
you can centralize your code in so we could create a log service for example to centralize our logs
statement.
We could create a user service to manage the data storage here.
Let's see this in a real app so that it becomes more clear though.